Your assignment is to build a 2 player tetris game with micropython designed to run on a raspberry pi pico w and a pc.
Pc client should also be written in python.

Game will run on pico and game control inputs will be given from a pc via both over usb and wifi.
User will be able to select their communication preference when the program starts.

Game will be displayed on 16x32 dot matrix display consisting of max7219 displays. 16 pixel side should be the bottom.
All game states also will be published to the pc and game will be displayed on a virtual 16x32 dot matrix screen on the pc.

Game will be played by two players, each will player will be given their on pieces and they will only control their piece.
Player will colloborate and play in same arena. They need to work together to place pieces, delete lines and gain points.
Players should be given the pieces at the same time, first player to place their piece should wait for the other to get their new piece.
Game input will be given from pc as wasd and arrows key for direction control for players 1 and 2 respectively.
There also will be inputs to rotate their piece.

When a line clears, cleared lines should flicker momentarily.
For the real 16x32 display game screen should be very minimal, only pieces should be displayed.
However, for the pc client total points, next piece screens can be added next to the 16x32 screen.

Navigation through game menus should be done with game control inputs and menu should be displayed both on pi pico terminal and dot matrix.
Also very simple represantaion of the game should be printed to pico terminal if possible while playing.

I would like to build this project step by step.
1) Write the pi pico code without the pc communication part. I will test this code on WokWi. So you should also replace pc inputs with buttons.
3) After wokwi test you should modify latest state of code to take inputs from my pc over usb.
4) Write the whole pc client but exclude the wifi communication part for now.
5) Add wifi functionality to latest code.

now do only the first step
