Hello,

Our task is to connect multiple picos together and synchronously display a bouncing ball like the DVD screen saver
on the displays connected to each pico.

Each pico has two max7219 screen connected in vertical configuration (16 row, 8 columns) 
and all screens should be considered as huge single screen.
For example if we have three screens our huge single screen will be 16 row 24 columns.

The main idea behind bouncing ball is this:
- The "huge single screen" edges are considered as walls.
- Ball bounces from top and bottom walls.
- Ball travels through to other side when it reaches the side edges.
So for the example given previously, ball would bounce from rows 0 and 15 
(row and columns index starts at 0) and when it reaches column 23 it goes
back to column 0.

Pico's will connect to an external wifi and communicate through sockets.
We will use mosquitto and publisher and subscriber framework for this.

All pico's will have hardcoded static names.
When connected to the network all pico's will publish their names continuosly.
This continous name messages will be used to check respective pico health by 
the main pico.

Pico's name will be simple integer numbers, from 0, 1, ..., n-1.
Among the connected pico's we will pick the main pico as the pico
with the lowest integer value.

Main picos duty is the handle bouncing ball pyhsics loop and to publish the
states to a topic named "BallPos". Ball pos topic messages contain these information,
- total screen size (for the example before: [16,24])
- ball position on the screen: [x,y]
- ball velocity: [x, y]
- which pico is responsible for which segment of the whole screen
for example if we have 3 pico with id's 2,5,6 corresponding order would be [2,5,6]

Main pico will also check if pico's are publishing their ID every loop. If a pico stops
publishing its id we assume its disconnected and rearrange screen order and count.
Also main pico should look for previously not connected picos every step and if a new pico
connects it should again rearrange screen order and count.

Other pico's should also continuosly check which picos are still connected, and check
for newly connected picos. If the main pico disconnects, pico with the lowest id is again
selected as the main pico.
