Guys, _geç olsun güç olmasın_, let's discuss the project we have been assigned up until Monday.

First of all, we need to consider whether to implement a _topology discovery_ procedure, or not. If we assume the communication is somehow handled, then the thing is, screens still need to be prepared, i.e. ordered, in a way that the publisher has in mind. Then the question arises: how can the order of screens be served to the publisher? Or, how all other Picos will know the exact number of screens & choose a _candidate_ for publishing among themselves? The last product must be as flexible as possible, but specifying the number of Picos, choosing a self-claimed publisher among themselves, ordering the screens physically, etc. in a hardcoded way reduces the flexibility drastically.

We can, at least, make an additional _registration_ button, and when it pressed, Picos will scan for a hotspot (if it is not to be found, self-claim a publisher status & setup a hotspot by itself), and it will increment 1-by-1 & obtain their IDs in an incremental, i.e. order specific way. Other solutions are too complicated for our purposes right now. 

Now assume we have n Picos, among i-th is selected as the publisher manually, and we ordered them with respect to the IDs assigned by the publisher (where it located himself at the middle of the screen line, maybe they can show their IDs from 1-to-n up until an “they are ordered!” signal). Let's leave aside the proposal above for moment. How can we implement a publisher-subscriber communication? As far as I can tell, mosquitto or nanomq can be used, but not sure about the details of both of them. Let's discuss.



--- Our response

Hello,

<<<<<<< HEAD
As a group we thought hardcoding pico id's would be a better solution. 
Since we will know Pico physical order in the world, for example we can ID them as "1, 2, 3, ..." from left to right
and pick the pico with the lowest id as the main pico that calculates ball positions. 
If we dynamically id'ed picos wrt their connection order instead, 
we thought that could cause a problem if a pico disconnects and reconnects during operation. 

Lets say we id'ed our picos and ordered them at the start as 1, 3, 2. Pico with the id 3 is the middle one and it disconnects at some time and then reconnects. 
Then our code would think this is the 4th pico has connected to the network and id that pico as 4. 
However we dont know where the pico id'ed 4 is supposed to in our order 1,3,2. So we have to order pico's again in the middle of the operation.

In the contrary if we hardcode pico ID's into their local code, their ID's will stay the same even if they disconnect 
and reconnect and we will always know their position in the world.
=======
As a group we thought hardcoding pico id's is a better solution. Since we will know Pico physical order in the world, 
we can for example ID them as "1, 2, 3, ..." from left to right and pick the pico with the lowest id as the main pico 
that calculates ball positions. If we dynamically id'ed picos wrt their connection order instead, we thought that could 
cause a problem if a pico disconnects and reconnects during operation. Lets say we id'ed our picos and ordered them at the start 
as 1, 3, 2. Pico with the id 3 is the middle one and it disconnects at some time and then reconnects. 
Then our code would think this is the 4th pico has connected to the network and id that pico as 4. 
However we dont know where the pico id'ed 4 is supposed to in our order 1,2,3. 
So we have to order pico's again in the middle of the operation.

>>>>>>> 29ebfd490074a469d9f93b3c8e12885abd734d25

In the contrary if we hardcode pico ID's into their local code, their ID's will stay the same 
even if they disconnect and reconnect and we will always know their position in the world.

I guess we still give them random static ID's and organize them with a button tho, 
but maybe keeping things as simple as possible could be better. 
